# yawdoo

Yet another web directory organizer. Yahoo was on the right track in 1996, but somehow, they lost their way.

The idea behind this simple project is to create a personal organizer for the links and websites I frequently use, with a landing page experience. Google search has deteriorated in recent years (though still far ahead of what I could imagine), and sometimes what you're looking for gets buried under search results or underperforming proprietary webpages. With the plethora of LLMs available, you often end up using what you already know or what Google shows you first instead of exploring new options.

Another issue I face is using multiple browsers like Chrome, Edge, and Firefox, and the hassle of organizing bookmarks or constantly importing and exporting them. This is a major pain point for me. I want to add profile options with extensions that allow you to manage your bookmarks seamlessly across browsers—something similar to what [Booky.io](https://booky.io/join) already does, but with more control in my hands.

Lastly, I want to keep things simple and free, maintaining as much static content on GitHub as possible. However, if the need arises to explore which database might be the most cost-effective for my use case, I might consider using a home database. But to be honest, I don't want to expose my IP or risk getting hacked.


## Project Goals

### Release 0.0.1

- [ ] Static webpage in Angular with cool website links.
- [ ] Webpage should be generated by a JSON configuration.
- [ ] CI/CD integration on GitHub.
- [ ] Webpage hosting on GitHub.
- [ ] **The birth of yawdoo.com**.

### Release 0.0.2

- [ ] Authentication with third-party identity providers.
- [ ] Preference saving.

### Release 0.0.3

- [ ] Integration with Firebase or another cloud provider.
- [ ] Personal Bookmark profiles.
- [ ] Personal collection list.
- [ ] Ability to import your bookmakrs into bookmark profile.
- [ ] Preference saving enhancement. 

### Release 0.0.4

- [ ] Chrome extension for Edge and Chrome.
- [ ] Directly import bookmark or sync with your tabs.

### Release 1.0.0

- [ ] Bug fix and polish.

